What do you mean?
How is that possible?
I'm not talking nonsense.
After all, Sister Luoyang, you said it before
Your girl?
I will definitely surpass you in medical skills
Isn't it here now?
What senior sister actually said such a thing?
Ouch no
I can't be found by him
Hey
I'm here today to tell you the good news.
Uh-huh.
I have something to do in the hospital
I'll pack my things first. Um, bye-bye.
It's over, I shouldn't be exposed, right?
Small pestle
This girl, I am happy to give you two hundred yuan today.
How about hiring you to go out with my sister tomorrow?
Two hundred yuan to accompany you out
I'm not that cheap
Why is 200 too little?
Add fifty to you
I don't want you.
I didn't mean to ask me, I said to give you two hundred
Hey, no, Chu Feng, you scold me, hum
Hmm, this dead girl movie
Grandpa
The matter of the Lin family has been resolved
I am also ready
Resign as interim group general manager
Why did you call me back?
Who told you it was solved?
You solve shit
You showed me what this is
This is the splash that the surnamed Chu brought over
You are still colluding with the surname Chu
Destroy the relationship between the Lin Kings
Fortunately, Wang Shao is magnanimous
My old man came to the door himself
I forgave the Lin family's offense
And I checked the person surnamed Chu
Sister, you don't know
That person surnamed Chu is not only not a big shot
Still a farmer
Wang Shao sent someone to check him out yesterday
Are you still stubborn?
So what?
No matter what kind of person Chu Feng is
What is his gift?
He is my chosen one
I would never leave him.
You are even less likely to be with Wang Fan
Shut up and kneel for me